1.0 Objective-C Obsoletion (#2230)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: README.md

The [API reference](https://docs.mapbox.com/ios/api/navigation/) includes example code for accomplishing common tasks. You can run these examples as part of the [navigation-ios-examples](https://github.com/mapbox/navigation-ios-examples) project.

> This repository also contains [testbeds](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/tree/master/Example) that exercise a variety of navigation SDK features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository also contains [a testbed](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/tree/master/Example) that exercises a variety of navigation SDK features:
```
